Gave 10 million to the female anchor
I can't hold on any longer
Look at this rich woman's figure and posture
I'm not going back tonight.
I'm gonna eat you alive.
And slander us
Xu Shaolingfeng
I'll see how you crash this time.
Okay, you little white face.
Spend my money meeting other women here
Dare to betray my mother
I think you don't want to live anymore
Hey, this lady
I'm afraid you recognized the wrong person.
The male model you support
Wrong person here.
My mother keeps a male model for 200,000 yuan a month
Can you admit your mistakes?
I'm wrong. I admit my mistake.
Hey
Mr. Chen, please be gentle.
I was wrong. I was wrong.
I won't dare to do it again
I dare not, you are quite polite
Spend my mother's money picking up girls out here
What else are you afraid of?
Today I will spend the money I spent in the past two years
Spit it all out
Plus 2 million in mental damages
Otherwise hum
I will transfer you to Mrs. Wang as her boyfriend.
Don't.
Really
Aunt Chun, it was this vixen who seduced me
He cheated me of my money